Add 11.32 release notes (#476)
mondoohq/docs: releases/2024-11-26-mondoo-11.32-is-out.md

---
slug: mondoo-11.32-is-out/
title: Mondoo 11.32 is out!
description: Announcing the 11.32 release of Mondoo with FOO, BAR, BAZ, and more!
authors: [tim, chip]
image: DEETS
tags: [release, mondoo]
---

## 🥳 Mondoo 11.32 is out! This release includes FOO, BAR, BAZ, and more!

Get this release: [Installation Docs](https://mondoo.com/docs/cnspec/) | [Package Downloads](https://releases.mondoo.com/cnspec/) | [Docker Container](https://hub.docker.com/r/mondoo/cnspec)

---

## 🎉 NEW FEATURES

### Single command Azure integration

> Integrate Mondoo with Azure with just a single command. No more worrying about setting up apps, configuring service principals, or generating certificates. Tell Mondoo what you'd like to scan in your Azure subscription and paste in the single command to CloudShell. Then kick back, relax, and let Mondoo do the heavy lifting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integrate Mondoo and Azure with just a single command. No more worrying about setting up apps, configuring service principals, or generating certificates. Tell Mondoo what you'd like to scan in your Azure subscription and paste the command in CloudShell. Then kick back, relax, and let Mondoo do the heavy lifting.
```

---
slug: mondoo-11.32-is-out/
title: Mondoo 11.32 is out!

> description: Announcing the 11.32 release of Mondoo with single command Azure integration, expanded risk factor support, Windows LTSC/LTSB support, and more!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Announcing the 11.32 release of Mondoo with single-command Azure integration, expanded risk factor support, Windows LTSC/LTSB support, and more!
```

authors: [tim]
image: /img/releases/2024-11-26-mondoo-11.32-is-out/azure_integration.png
tags: [release, mondoo]
---

> ## 🥳 Mondoo 11.32 is out! This release includes single command Azure integration, expanded risk factor support, Windows LTSC/LTSB support, and more!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 🥳 Mondoo 11.32 is out! This release includes single-command Azure integration, expanded risk factor support, Windows LTSC/LTSB support, and more!
```

Get this release: [Installation Docs](https://mondoo.com/docs/cnspec/) | [Package Downloads](https://releases.mondoo.com/cnspec/) | [Docker Container](https://hub.docker.com/r/mondoo/cnspec)

---

## 🎉 NEW FEATURES

> ### Single command Azure integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Single-command Azure integration
```

Integrate Mondoo and Azure with just a single command. No more worrying about setting up apps, configuring service principals, or generating certificates. Tell Mondoo what you'd like to scan in your Azure subscription and paste the command in CloudShell. Then kick back, relax, and let Mondoo do the heavy lifting.

![Automated Azure integration setup](/img/releases/2024-11-26-mondoo-11.32-is-out/azure_integration.png)

### Detect EOL dates for Windows LTSC and LTSB releases

> Mondoo EOL detection support for Windows now includes the Microsoft Long Term Servicing Channel (LTSC) and Long Term Servicing Branch releases, so no matter what release of Windows you use, Mondoo will detect upcoming EOL dates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mondoo EOL detection support for Windows now includes the Microsoft Long Term Servicing Channel (LTSC) and Long Term Servicing Branch (LTSB) releases. No matter what release of Windows you use, Mondoo detects upcoming EOL dates.
```

## 🧹 IMPROVEMENTS

### Badges for new policies

Too many cooks in the kitchen? Understand when you or your coworkers enable new policies in a space with a "New" badge on any policy enabled in the last 7 days.

![New policy badge](/img/releases/2024-11-26-mondoo-11.32-is-out/new_policy.png)

### Show risk factors on asset checks

Understand risks that elevate security concerns on your assets with risk factors on asset checks tables.

![Risk factor on asset check](/img/releases/2024-11-26-mondoo-11.32-is-out/risk_factors.png)

## 🐛 BUG FIXES AND UPDATES

- Improve cloud snapshot scanning to support devices with multiple block devices.

> - Improve performance of windows SMBIOS discovery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve performance of Windows SMBIOS discovery.
```

- Fix Windows platform detection in local scans.
- Improve performance of cloud detection on \*nix systems. Thanks [tomtrix](https://github.com/tomtrix)!

> - Don't display assets without vulnerabilities on vulnerability dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Don't display assets without vulnerabilities on the vulnerability dashboard.
```

- Display the platform for each asset in affected asset tables.
- Update VMware EOL dates to use the new extended dates.
- Fix an issue that prevented data exports of some checks.
- Fix TLS checks in the CIS Azure Foundations benchmark policy to match additional variations of TLS 1.2 and 1.3.

> - Add `Ensure error logging is enabled and set to the info logging level` check to CIS NGINX Benchmark policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `Ensure error logging is enabled and set to the info logging level` check to the CIS NGINX benchmark policy.
```

- Fix failures in the `Ensure discretionary access control permission modification events are collected` check in Linux CIS benchmarks.

> - Improve usage of properties in the CIS NGINX Benchmark policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve usage of properties in the CIS NGINX benchmark policy.
```
